I think we just want to be loved so
desperately
we're so desperate for it because it's
been put on this pedestal that this is
the defining factor of success in life
is could you find someone to love you
because then you'd be lovable then you'd
be worthy then you'd have what it takes
if you were able to convince someone to
spend their life with you then you're
worthy and we're so desperate for that
instead of 200 hours we'll tell someone
we love them in two months because we'd
rather have it and think we lost it than
to have never found it at all because
never having found it means we're never
worthy whereas if we found him lost in
even if it wasn't perfect at least there
was some part of us that was lovable and
that's why we'll stay in toxic
relationships that's why we'll settle
for people who are not worthy for us
because we'd rather feel like we're in
love than actually build it